lib: at_monitor: remove AT_MONITOR_SYS_INIT (#6585)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* :ref:`at_monitor_readme` library:

  * Introduced AT_MONITOR_ISR macro to monitor AT notifications in an interrupt service routine.

>   * The :c:func:`at_monitor_init` function and :kconfig:`CONFIG_AT_MONITOR_SYS_INIT` option have been removed. The library will now initialize automatically when enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Removed :c:func:`at_monitor_init` function and :kconfig:`CONFIG_AT_MONITOR_SYS_INIT` option. The library now initializes automatically when enabled.
```
